Playing that sword finger led Li Yao back to Gao Yi
It also completely shattered Li Yao's pride
Let him
Murdered in a hurry
Li Yao stop
Okay, that's it.
You want to kill
Stop him now
Li Yao's sword service has been completed
Unless he stops voluntarily
Otherwise, anyone who wants to stop him will have to kill him
You're a genius for hurting me
But you also need to know
The genius who survives is the real genius
Too bad you don't have a chance
You say if you die
How miserable are they?
Too bad I can't see it again
Then I'll tell you after I kill you
Li Yao, you dare to kill my beloved disciple
I killed your master
Elder Xu, how dare you stop me?
Li Yao ignored the rules
You and my apprentice Li Yao ignore the rules
Own door rule disposal
Can be used as a leader
How can you hurt your disciples?
Please calm down
i
No grass grows under the knife
Yeah.
Don't stop me, I'm going to save him.
You can't save him
Lime even lost his own life
Then I'm going too.
It's better than doing nothing here
Y'all forgot
You still owe him your life
I didn't forget
What else?
I'll kill you!